README.md, before:

 # JUCE MIDI Synth

## Demo

### Video Recording
Here is a video demo of the synth in action:

<video width="640" height="480" controls>
  <source src="media/Recording 2024-05-28 164745.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

## Description

This JUCE MIDI Synth is a virtual synthesizer built using the JUCE framework. It features custom oscillators, ADSR envelopes, and a fully functional audio processor. This project showcases advanced C++ programming and audio processing techniques.

## Features

- Custom Oscillators with various waveforms (Sine, Saw, Square)
- FM Synthesis with adjustable frequency and depth
- ADSR Envelope control (Attack, Decay, Sustain, Release)
- Real-time audio processing
- Easy-to-use graphical interface

## Installation

1. Install Projucer: https://juce.com/download/

2. Install Ableton or Ableton Lite: https://www.ableton.com/en/products/live-lite/

3. Download files and open as new project in Projucer: https://github.com/llunny/JUCE-MIDI-Synthesizer

4. Path VST3 to Ableton

5. Launch Project and enjoy!

Commit message:

Update README with YouTube video demo

README.md, after:

# JUCE MIDI Synth

## Demo

### Video Recording
Here is a video demo of the synth in action:

[![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/j1Sum-TsZz8/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/j1Sum-TsZz8)

## Description

This JUCE MIDI Synth is a virtual synthesizer built using the JUCE framework. It features custom oscillators, ADSR envelopes, and a fully functional audio processor. This project showcases advanced C++ programming and audio processing techniques.

## Features

- Custom Oscillators with various waveforms (Sine, Saw, Square)
- FM Synthesis with adjustable frequency and depth
- ADSR Envelope control (Attack, Decay, Sustain, Release)
- Real-time audio processing
- Easy-to-use graphical interface

## Installation

1. **Install Projucer**: [https://juce.com/download/](https://juce.com/download/)
2. **Install Ableton or Ableton Lite**: [https://www.ableton.com/en/products/live-lite/](https://www.ableton.com/en/products/live-lite/)
3. **Download files and open as new project in Projucer**: [https://github.com/llunny/JUCE-MIDI-Synthesizer](https://github.com/llunny/JUCE-MIDI-Synthesizer)
4. **Path VST3 to Ableton**
5. **Launch Project and enjoy!**

## Usage

- Launch the synthesizer.
- Use the GUI to modify oscillator waveforms, adjust ADSR envelope parameters, and experiment with FM synthesis settings.
- Connect a MIDI keyboard or use a virtual keyboard to play sounds.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork this repository and submit pull requests.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- [JUCE](https://juce.com) for providing the framework.
- Any other libraries or resources used.
